Let's create your first repository!
It's an encrypted file at rest that
turns into a fully isolated environment the
moment you create it.
On disk it's a single encrypted image.
Once mounted,
you get a dedicated Docker daemon,
application data inside the encrypted volume,
and loopback IPs that won't collide with
anything else on the server.
Time to create a 2 gigabyte encrypted
repository on the server.
A repository is a single encrypted file
at rest.
Creating it also mounts it,
so it immediately becomes a folder with
its own Docker daemon and isolated application
data,
completely separate from everything else.
Repository created and already mounted on the
server,
ready to use.
Let's confirm the new repo is registered.
From here it can be deployed,
forked,
backed up,
or opened in your editor,
all from your laptop.
There it is, registered and ready to use.
One handy option:
open the repo directly in VS Code with
this command.
We won't launch the editor here,
but it starts a remote session into the
repo over SSH so you can edit its
files.
Run that on your laptop to edit the repo's
files in VS Code.
That's your first repository, ready to go. Next
up, we'll deploy an app inside it!